Feature: vcpkg compatibility (#8)
qdrvm/qtils: CMakeLists.txt

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.12)

option(QTILS_BUILD_TESTS "Build tests" OFF)

if (PACKAGE_MANAGER)
    if(PACKAGE_MANAGER NOT MATCHES "^(hunter|vcpkg)$")

>         message(FATAL_ERROR "PACKAGE_MANAGER must be set to 'hunter', 'vcpkg' or isn't set")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        message(FATAL_ERROR "PACKAGE_MANAGER must be set to 'hunter', 'vcpkg' or left empty")
```
